what's going on with you what's new
how much
I hate the idea of you down there by
yourself out in time just drinkin
five
I appreciate
but it's I'm fine ever since I heard the
how we and I suppose you're wondering
why I called you over here I didn't need
to go where
our basketball coach had a heart attack
the other night they need a new coach
Jack then you know you give see many
good know the last time they made the
playoffs back when you were playing your
markets right that's right how many
threes in markets make last year we're
percentage of 26 yeah wonder why they're
leaving you open it's because they don't
think you could hit the ocean from the
beach he just backs that show as Brett I
like coaching so far great getting used
to the players or players
how
you I could live
I heard you're coaching basketball yeah
keeps me busy keeps my mind off other
things to him what you said
I spent a lot of time i market myself I
carry other name I had a lot of regrets
[Music]
it's online I want you taking that shot
why is that so hard for you really well
maybe the best player on team
[Music]
they're suffering I just want you to be
happy again but you gotta want it too
keep pressing traffic taking charges
you guys on this tonight so
[Music]
you